update expo docs (#1666)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/custom-flows/manage-totp-based-mfa.mdx

      <Tabs items={["Layout", "Account page", "Add TOTP page"]}>
        <Tab>
          1. Create the `(dashboard)` route group. This will group your account page and the add TOTP page.

>           1. Paste the following code. The [`useAuth()`](/docs/references/react/use-auth) hook is used to check if the user is signed in. If the user is not signed in, they will be redirected to the sign-in page.

Author: ```suggestion
          1. Create a `_layout.tsx` file with the following code. The [`useAuth()`](/docs/references/react/use-auth) hook is used to check if the user is signed in. If the user is not signed in, they will be redirected to the sign-in page.
```

        </Tab>

        <Tab>

>           1. In the `(dashboard)` group, create an `account.tsx` file.
>           1. Paste the following code. This page shows users whether or not MFA is enabled, and allows them to add MFA with an authenticator app.

Author: ```suggestion
          In the `(dashboard)` group, create an `account.tsx` file with the following code. This page shows users whether or not MFA is enabled, and allows them to add MFA with an authenticator app.
```

        </Tab>

        <Tab>

>           1. In the `(dashboard)` group, create an `add-mfa.tsx` file.
>           1. Paste the following code. This page adds the functionality for generating the QR code and backup codes.

Author: ```suggestion
          In the `(dashboard)` group, create an `add-mfa.tsx` file with the following code. This page adds the functionality for generating the QR code and backup codes.
```
